>>LISA GARR: If you want to
break free from an old story,
you also have to break
free from the place
that that story was created.
These are the words of intuitive
guide and spiritual teacher,
Sonia Choquette in her
latest of 24 books,
"Waking Up in Paris-
Overcoming Darkness
in the City of Lights."
If you're going to
a really big change,
this can be a time
to reinvent yourself.
And Sonia is here to help us let
go and let your soul guide you
and your guides guide you.
Welcome, my friend.
>>SONIA CHOQUETTE:
Thank you, Lisa.
I'm very happy to be here.
>>LISA: Well, I'm happy
to be here with you.
At this time in your life,
you have so much to offer.
>>CHOQUETTE: Well, thank you.
I've been through
a lot of change.
And a great deal of it
certainly not wanted.
But I'm grateful for it.
And I just want to share with
people that change and growth
are messy.
And spiritual tools
help you deal with them,
but don't help you avoid it.
>>LISA: It's gonna happen.
Yes.
>>CHOQUETTE: Life is temporary.
So you can't use spirituality
to kind of push that
away or protect you--
>>LISA: Gloss over it.
>>CHOQUETTE: And a lot of people
hope that that's the case.
Frankly, at times me too.
However, I've learned that
real spirituality is letting
your spirit lean into life, take
it full on, and just really run
with as much courage as you
can through the difficulties.
And trust that your soul
knows what it's doing.
>>LISA: Right here.
Right here on the chin.
Go ahead give it to me.
It's hard sometimes.
>>CHOQUETTE: It can be.
And I think it's important for
us to recognize that change--
it kind of scares
our reptilian brain.
And, you know, part
of it is whatever
I do, I need to be in control
of this makes it worse.
So if we could just
recognize that change
doesn't mean loss, setback,
mistakes, guilt, blame, shame.
Just growth.
It's a lot easier.
>>LISA: Well, talk
about your story.
So you went through
this incredible journey
through the Camino de Santiago.
And you wrote a
great book about it.
And can you tell us a
little bit about why
you went on the journey
in the first place?
>>CHOQUETTE: Well the season
of change for me started about
eight years ago when
all of a sudden,
in a very short period of time--
six weeks-- my brother
died in his sleep.
The shock caused my father
to die six weeks later.
And this is a man who
I never knew to be sick
a day in his life.
And the one two of
that caused so much
stress in my marriage,
my husband left.
So it was a brother,
father, husband.
Boom gone.
And I was left
pretty blindsided.
>>LISA: Yes.
Within six weeks?
>>CHOQUETTE: And I just had a--
it was six weeks of
just bam, bam, bam.
And I prayed.
And it wasn't like,
oh, please guide me.
It was like, help me.
And one day I just got this
guidance to go on the Camino.
And to tell you the truth, I
didn't even really know that
well what it was.
And I also was given the
instruction to walk it.
And I just had a knee
surgery because I
went boxing, kickboxing,
to work out my frustrations
and broke my knee.
So I was like, OK.
Well,, if this is guidance, I'm
going to need a lot of help.
But I went.
>>LISA: You went.
It's a 500 mile
trek across Spain.
>>CHOQUETTE: It took me 35 days.
And it was in May,
which you would
think would be good weather,
but it snowed like mad
when I started.
>>LISA: In May?
>>CHOQUETTE: It was crazy.
But I would say in so many
fundamental and in life
changing ways, I healed some
really ancient lifetimes old
wounding in the
process of walking.
And I came to find a
certain peace within myself
that I had never known.
A groundedness maybe.
>>LISA: What do you
mean by lifetimes old?
>>CHOQUETTE: Honestly, I'm
not being metaphorical.
I really believe we
have multiple lifetimes.
I believe that I had
lifetimes actually
on that particular path
as a Knights Templar.
I had this and always
grew up with this sense
of warrior in me.
But I had dreams
about this experience
when I didn't know what it
was, when I was 15, 16, 20.
>>LISA: And it all came to you?
>>CHOQUETTE: And it all came
back to me on this journey.
And so it helped bring
a new level of aha
and a new level of
closure to this always--
like, my interface with
life was, I'll save you now.
And that didn't leave a
whole lot for my own needs
to get met.
And that was my
big personal aha.
I didn't even know I had
that many personal needs.
>>LISA: So you had this
archetype of a hero.
Shero.
>>CHOQUETTE: Definitely.
I was a shero.
I was a magician.
I'll walk through fire.
I had a lot of courage.
But I was not comfortable
with, or even in touch
necessarily with, my
needs for support.
And when I lost my brother,
my father, and my husband,
that gaping hole in
my soul sucked me in.
And I walked out of that
hole with the Camino.
>>LISA: Oh.
For you to be there
for yourself finally.
That's the biggest--
>>CHOQUETTE: It was a shock.
And it was a surprise
because I didn't even
know I wasn't there for myself.
And you know, even in
the spiritual world,
you're rewarded for
being the magician that
pull a rabbit out of your hat.
And I was really good at that.
So when the first level
of my life collapsed--
>>LISA: There's more?
Well, we're going to
go this, actually.
I want you to take a look at
this great video here of--
I want you to see the
Camino and Sonia's journey.
Take a look.
>>CHOQUETTE: My name
is Sonia Choquette.
And for the last 30 years,
I've been a spiritual teacher.
And for the last 20, I've
been a published author.
And I've spoken to people
all over the world.
Inspiring them, helping
them, lifting them up.
And I have loved it.
Everything was going well
until a few years ago.
In the course of six
weeks, my brother
died, my father died,
my marriage imploded.
And my life as I
knew it fell apart.
I taught thousands of
people around the world.
I was the one who was
lifting people up.
So I couldn't understand why
I couldn't lift myself up.
This shouldn't be
happening to me.
I received the
guidance that I was
supposed to leave everything
behind and walk a pilgrimage.
The Camino de Santiago, also
known as the way of St. James.
The way of forgiveness.
My pilgrimage began not
just looking at a mountain,
but at a mountain range.
And it felt like the
mountain of old stuff.
It was overwhelming.
It was spring, almost June.
And second day of my
pilgrimage, it snowed.
And so now I had to walk
through mud, and muck, and ice,
and cold, just like all
the pieces of my life
that I had not yet
fully healed from.
Step by difficult step,
something really big
was happening.
Old emotions that
I had shoved aside
started breaking up,
moving on, and giving me
a little more freedom.
Forgiveness started coming back.
And one step at a time pieces
of me that I didn't even know I
had lost it started coming back.
And more and more I
started to feel grounded.
Healed.
More and more I walked
myself back into the most
profound level of wholeness that
I have ever experienced or knew
was possible in my life.
I walked home.
>>LISA: It seems like the
Camino just calls to you.
>>CHOQUETTE: It does.
It was never something that I
intellectually searched out.
I was asked.
My soul pulled me in.
And I've talked to
other people since then
who've also walked the Camino.
And they've said the same thing.
That there's some particular
energy that pulls you in.
And I really do believe
it's a magical path.
It's not easy.
It's not glamorous.
>>LISA: Oh, yeah.
There's a lot of mud.
There's-- yeah.
>>CHOQUETTE: There's
not a lot of comfort.
But it supposedly follows
ley lines or magnetic lines
on the planet.
And, honestly, walking that
particular path changes
and heals things that no
amount of just Gestalt therapy,
and praying, and
meditating-- there's
something fundamentally
in the bones of your soul
that kind of releases that I'd
say that the Camino did for me.
It gave me a strength
to love myself
that I didn't have before.
>>LISA: Did you meet
people along the way?
Were they going through
similar journeys?
>>CHOQUETTE: You
know, it's so funny.
I had this hat wrapped up and
didn't want to talk to anybody.
And then it slowly
started coming off.
And I started
meeting other people.
I had a lot of experiences.
I met a person.
And we had this whole
conversation about his child
molesting experience.
And he didn't even
speak English.
He spoke Greek.
But we understood each other.
It was interesting.
I met a man.
My husband, who we
just separated from,
his name was Patrick.
And the only male I met on the
Camino for any amount of time
was Patrick, of course.
>>LISA: Of course.
>>CHOQUETTE: And he
became a bridge for me
to really work through some of
my horrendous hurt and outrage
with Patrick and my
understanding of seeing things
from a different perspective.
So he was perfect.
>>LISA: The characters
along the way.
>>CHOQUETTE: The characters.
It's like you step out
of the third dimension,
and you're in the
Twilight Zone, but it's
kind of a marvelous
Twilight Zone.
And I would definitely
recommend it as--
and even I've learned that
the back and forth of left
right, left right, and walking
heals your brain in a way
that I could say it really does.
>>LISA: 500 miles of
right left, right left.
That's a lot of time to think.
>>CHOQUETTE: There was
plenty of times I thought,
what the heck am I doing?
>>LISA: I totally
would understand that.
>>CHOQUETTE: But eventually,
when it was over, I was sad.
Because--
>>LISA: It was like a friend.
>>CHOQUETTE: It was a friend.
And the friend was me because
I got to spend 500 walking
miles with--
so many parts of me I'd
forgotten or ignored.
And so that's where
the friendship was me.
>>LISA: Can you explain that?
Forgotten parts of you?
>>CHOQUETTE: Well, you know.
I just definitely feel,
especially as a woman,
we are raised and rewarded
for sacrificing ourselves,
and for not needing much,
and for really giving.
And I took that to epic
levels as an intuitive
because I could X-ray
into any situation
and very accurately know
exactly what you needed.
But it was never encouraged
that I do that for myself.
Not even in my
spiritual training.
Not in anything.
And certainly not as Catholic.
So I went through
this whole experience
of being so there for others
and didn't quite know what
was wrong with this picture.
Because I loved that.
It wasn't wrong.
It just was incomplete.
>>LISA: It was romantic.
>>CHOQUETTE: It was fulfilling.
And it was creative.
And it was empowering to others.
So I felt like I was
really fulfilling purpose.
But there was a piece
connected back to me
that goes way back to childhood.
And lifetimes of self-sacrifice
is the noble, highest purpose
in life.
And I think that my
Camino is the beginning
of my fundamental
change of value system.
>>LISA: Would you say it's
absolutely no accident
that all of that happened?
>>CHOQUETTE: Absolutely.
I would say it was
divinely planned.
I think part of my purpose is
to help women change their value
systems at this point
to love themselves
in more than an
intellectual I love myself,
put on my lipstick way.
And I don't think anybody
would give me the time of day
unless I've been through
that fire personally.
Because people can tell.
>>LISA: There's a texture.
>>CHOQUETTE: There's
a texture too--
you know, unless you
really know the mechanics
of that on the deepest level.
And easier said than done.
And I thought my
journey was over.
>>LISA: Yes.
And then you came home.
And you thought that
it was complete.
And you wrote a book about it.
>>CHOQUETTE: It was like--
>>LISA: And it was great.
>>CHOQUETTE: --the
angels came out.
And my husband came back
and said, I miss you.
I love you.
Let's make up.
And I thought that's my reward.
And we decided to walk
the Camino together.
And I was like, you know,
you hear the refrain
in the background and, oh.
And then six weeks before
we were to walk together,
he decided that he
wanted a divorce.
>>LISA: After you prepared and--
>>CHOQUETTE: Oh,
and told the world,
and celebrated, and was
standing naked to the world of,
you know, see the
happy ending does come.
And then I got slammed again.
And it truly, truly
blindsided me.
>>LISA: And I read your book.
He served you papers.
He didn't even--
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
Well, actually,
here's the truth.
I was teaching workshop.
And I got a notice
from my attorney
that Patrick wanted to continue.
He would let me know
about the divorce
after we walked the Camino
and that I was on probation.
Well, I'm a Romanian.
And I was not going to
be on anyone's probation.
I have a fiery dragon spirit.
Don't let this cutesy
poodle look fool you.
And it was like, oh no.
We're done.
And in one minute, 32
years of being together,
and a whole life, and a
whole commitment to that life
was just like pa-choo.
>>LISA: You have kids.
>>CHOQUETTE: We have
kids, a community, a life.
And I'm a Catholic.
We said, I do forever.
What are you talking about?
And at the time, I
just felt so betrayed.
By God.
By him.
By my spiritual tool.
By everything.
>>LISA: Did that reignite the
pain from your brother's death?
>>CHOQUETTE: Oh, my god.
Here's what happened.
I thought I was going
to have a heart attack.
I thought was going to
have a nervous breakdown.
>>LISA: Because your
heart was hurting.
>>CHOQUETTE: And it
was the very week
I was going in Colorado to do
my first talk about the Camino
book.
And I was having literally
a nervous breakdown.
And my daughter, Sonia,
called her sister.
And she said, I don't
know what to do.
I'm dramatic.
I mean, honestly.
I had the mask on.
I'm crying.
I'm in the room.
It's dark.
I'm at the hotel.
And Sabrina, my second
daughter, called me.
And she said, OK.
Listen.
I was driving on Lake
Shore Drive in Chicago
and asked Mother
Mary what to do.
And she said to give
you a choice, mom.
We can either move to Paris.
Or we can take you
to the hospital.
What's your choice?
I need to know right now.
>>LISA: And you're going on
stage in about four hours.
>>CHOQUETTE: Four hours.
>>LISA: Oh, nice.
>>CHOQUETTE: And
it was like Paris.
Paris.
Hospital.
So it's something in me.
It was like another
divine intervention.
I said, let's move to Paris.
And she goes, OK.
We'll leave in six weeks.
>>LISA: Oh, wow.
>>CHOQUETTE: And I got up,
and I went and gave my talk,
and I told them.
I said, actually, the book
says happily ever after.
But the truth is we're
getting a divorce.
And I'm moving to Paris.
>>LISA: Oh, my god.
You didn't even
think about this.
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
We were gone.
We did it.
>>LISA: What did audience--
how did they respond?
>>CHOQUETTE: Well, it was
kind of the last statement
before I put on the
music and danced.
So they really
didn't have a chance.
And I was still
absorbing it myself.
So it was like, that's just
the way that just happened.
That just happened.
And I was happy I had
something to look forward to.
>>LISA: It's very
interesting, though.
If you think about
that, you took a jump
into a different
reality in your mind.
>>CHOQUETTE: Like that.
>>LISA: And that's how
quick it can happen.
>>CHOQUETTE: Now,
one thing I will say.
Due to my spiritual--
actually, I don't even like
to use the word spiritual
because I think
that's very mental.
Due to my spirited education,
my connection to spirit,
I knew it would be OK.
I just internally, without any
intellectual participation,
I knew.
It felt right.
And I knew that Sabrina's
invitation was definitely
sent from Mother Mary,
from the divine feminine.
I knew that was a piece of
need that needed to be healed.
And what more feminine place
on the planet than Paris?
>>LISA: First of
all, I absolutely
love your relationship
with your daughters.
I love it so much.
>>CHOQUETTE: Thank you.
>>LISA: It's so
juicy and so amazing.
And you need to write a
parenting book because
of that relationship.
>>CHOQUETTE: Thank you.
I may.
>>LISA: You should.
>>CHOQUETTE: I have two
fabulous daughters whom
I raised to be who they are.
And they tell me like it is.
And I tell them like it is.
>>LISA: Yeah.
That's golden right there.
>>CHOQUETTE: That's
the way it is.
>>LISA: So you've been
an intuitive teacher
your whole life.
You've exercised this muscle.
You've taught other
people how to do it.
You raised your
children how to use it.
Intuition is very
strong in your life.
>>CHOQUETTE: And that's
when she said Paris.
Everything in my
inner guidance system
said yes, even though nothing
in my emotions or my intellect
could even make sense of it.
So I just said yes.
>>LISA: This is
the value, though,
of knowing your intuition.
>>CHOQUETTE: Right.
>>LISA: You said to me once,
living without your intuition
is living in a dark room.
I remember you said
this to me once.
>>CHOQUETTE: Absolutely.
>>LISA: And not being
able to see anything.
>>CHOQUETTE: Have you
ever been in a blackout?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>CHOQUETTE: You know, all
of a sudden you're like
[GASP]
And everyone says,
don't move, don't move,
even though you're just
sitting on the couch.
You know how it goes.
And then all of a
sudden you start moving.
You touch something.
You scream.
And to me, that's
like what it's like.
It's like a permanent
blackout to not
have your intuition be your
primary guidance source.
You'd have to guess, and feel,
and touch, and react, and be
fearful, and--
I just can't imagine.
On the other hand,
intuition doesn't
make people do what you want,
doesn't make life go your way,
doesn't bypass
your soul journeys.
It just gives you the
resources to meet them head on.
>>LISA: That's a great point.
You can't change the future.
And you can't change
the past with it.
>>CHOQUETTE: Or other people.
All you can do is go inward and
follow your compass when you
have nothing else to follow.
And that is where I was.
>>LISA: But that is so huge.
That compass, that
inner guidance system,
that intuition is
your best friend
and will never betray you.
>>CHOQUETTE: Sure didn't.
>>LISA: I believe you.
>>CHOQUETTE: We went
flying into Paris with--
and here's an
interesting point too.
The day we left was the
day that the Charlie
Hebdo, the first terrorist
attacks, happened.
And everybody we knew called
us and said, you can't go.
It's like, well, we're on
our way to the airport.
We're going.
>>LISA: And you didn't say
that was a block or a barrier.
>>CHOQUETTE: Not for me.
>>LISA: You felt it.
>>CHOQUETTE: I actually
almost thought,
well, this is another
reason why we're going.
We can bring about
some light and healing
even though I know
France very well.
I know Paris.
This was not the Paris I knew.
A Paris that had
terrorist attacks.
A Paris that had trauma.
But I thought, well, of course.
We're both traumatized.
We'll heal together.
I mean, this is
how my brain works.
My brain doesn't
get a vote on much.
My spirit makes the choices.
And my brain knows it
has to get on board.
>>LISA: That takes practice.
>>CHOQUETTE: Definitely.
>>CHOQUETTE: That
takes practice.
>>CHOQUETTE: And that's
what I teach people.
>>LISA: Yes.
Because so many brains take
over completely, analyzing it,
and weighing the odds.
And yes this will,
if that, then this.
And we mentalize it.
>>CHOQUETTE: I think my
brain would have given me
a nervous breakdown.
>>LISA: Right.
>>CHOQUETTE: I was
heading that way.
I had a good couple
weeks of that.
I hated that.
I would rather go into the
unknown than let my brain lead
me into complete
depression and victimhood.
>>LISA: But we make
those choices out of fear
all the time.
>>CHOQUETTE: And we think
of the lack of awareness
that we have a choice,
or that we have
this other self we can trust.
We do.
This true self.
And we can't negotiate with it.
You can't ask that deeper
self to explain anything.
You just have to go.
>>LISA: That's true.
Well, when going
back to the death
of your father and
your brother, did
you ever try to
negotiate about that,
or mentalize it,
or figure out why?
>>CHOQUETTE: Uh-uh.
>>LISA: No?
You're just intuition took over?
>>CHOQUETTE: Totally.
>>LISA: How?
>>CHOQUETTE: When my brother
died, I knew he was done.
In fact, right before he died--
it was the night before he
died, he called me.
It was his birthday.
My brother had a lot
of drug problems.
He had schizophrenia.
He had a lot of problems.
And he had come around
and was managing.
His soul was so beautiful.
And he called me
up and he said, I
want you to buy the
Rolling Stones DVD
Shine a Light for my birthday.
And that's what I want.
That's how I want you to
see me on my birthday.
And he died that night.
>>LISA: By natural causes?
>>CHOQUETTE: By natural causes.
By stress.
And I know that he wanted
me to remember him that way.
Well, my dad was really
devoted to my brother's care.
And I swear--
I am confident his
death was such a trauma
and my dad was such a caretaker
of my brother, he followed him.
He followed him.
He just went right in.
He went across the
valence that I--
>>LISA: I want to be with him.
>>CHOQUETTE: I
belong over there.
So I knew that.
But what I didn't know,
and what I found out of the
on the Camino, is
how much resentment
I had toward both of them
for all the trouble they
caused us, and for
lack of support to me,
and how I just bypassed myself
to fit into this bigger family
matrix of need.
It's like, well, I don't
get to need anything.
So as I was walking, and
then after my husband
left and decided
then part B came in.
>>LISA: When you get into
these family systems and family
dynamics, ugh.
>>CHOQUETTE: Crazy.
>>LISA: And you wonder how you
on Earth signed up for this.
>>CHOQUETTE: You have to have
spiritual tools at that point.
>>LISA: Thank you.
>>CHOQUETTE: Thank
god I had them.
>>LISA: Which we're
going to teach.
You're going to teach.
You're going to teach because
you really have this dialed in.
>>CHOQUETTE: I really think
I signed up for all of this.
And I am that person
that just wants to be--
if there's a parade
coming down the street,
I will be the first
one in the front row.
I will not be the one
holding back and watching.
I'm just that--
>>LISA: That's who you are.
>>CHOQUETTE: --soul.
So I dived in.
And I realized, OK,
well, right now we
need to learn that
intuition isn't
some insurance against
having your life interrupted.
Intuition is the guidance
through the jungle
because your life is
going to be interrupted.
We are on a planetary
leap toward growth.
We're all going
to be interrupted.
So now I realize, OK, I was
in practice all those years
for now, and for
the kinds of things
that I had to go through
so people would actually
listen to me.
I would have a right
to share something.
>>LISA: Well, yes.
We do live under this
illusion that life
is going to be perfect.
And we try our whole
life to get it that way.
>>CHOQUETTE: And
that's why it's a lie.
It's a lie.
>>LISA: It is.
>>CHOQUETTE: And I'm
taking that lie on.
And the perfect is
kind of patriarchal.
I think the feminine, which
is the soul spirit, not
the female, but the
spirit of you, it's messy.
And we need to embrace the
messy and not look at the messy
as, oh, we're messing up.
It's messy because when
you're growing a garden,
you dig into the dirt.
And you get muddy.
>>LISA: Grow roots.
>>CHOQUETTE: And I'm
here to share whatever
I can to say if you're
going through messy,
that's wholly too.
>>LISA: It's OK.
>>CHOQUETTE: It's wholly.
It's part of your wholeness.
>>LISA: It's more than OK.
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
It is not OK.
That's tolerating it.
It's necessary and sacred.
That's the message.
It's necessary, and sacred,
and love it, and never
apologize for it.
Never.
>>LISA: I wanted that to land.
That is-- yes.
Take a look here at
Sonia's journey to Paris
and waking up in Paris.
And think about
your own reinvention
during watching this.
Check it out.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>CHOQUETTE: Hi, my
name is Sonia Choquette.
I'm an intuitive guide.
A spiritual teacher.
A writer.
And for the past 35 years,
I've been traveling the world,
motivating people to live
at their highest most
creative level.
And yet I have discovered that
for even people like me who
are devoted to mastering
everything life throws at you,
there are some things
no one can escape.
The first is death,
of course, and taxes.
But the third, and the one
blindsided me is change.
Came in the form of an
unwanted, devastating divorce
after being married
for 32 years.
With it, I lost my home.
I lost my financial
stability, my community.
But the most painful
and surprising
was that I lost my identity.
Because the life and the self
that I had cultivated for all
these years was
suddenly just gone.
And quite honestly,
I was on a high speed
train headed for a
complete nervous breakdown.
Then another change showed up
for my daughter who said, mom,
instead of trying to
put your life together
among the shards
of this disaster,
why don't we do
something different?
Why don't we move to Paris?
So 12 weeks later, I found
myself in the City of Lights.
All my problems
with me, to be sure.
But also brand new possibility.
A new language, a new
culture, new customs.
It was difficult, exciting.
It was embarrassing.
And it was mesmerizing.
Beautiful.
But most of all,
it was liberating.
I found myself becoming
who I really wanted to be
and knew me.
I changed my mind about change.
We all will face it in
some form or another.
But we have choices.
It can be seen as a crisis or
as an invitation from the soul.
You can run away,
or you can lean in.
I leaned in.
And what I found
was I was waking up
in this incredible place.
But mostly, waking up an
incredible me that I did not
even know existed.
That's what change
brought about.
And what better place to
discover that than to be
waking up in Paris?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA: Beautiful.
I mean, it's a beautiful city.
But for those of us who can't
go to Paris, where do we go?
>>CHOQUETTE: Well,
see, I think Paris
is a metaphor for
the part of you
that hasn't been
beautiful enough.
Go to the things that
bring you beauty.
Go to the things
that nourish you.
Go to the things that
bring you color, and art,
and inspiration, and
that take you out
of the ugliness
of whatever it is
that you're resurrecting from.
Go back to the beauty.
And that's go back
to the feminine.
Go back to loving yourself.
But surround yourself,
not just with thoughts,
because I think thoughts
slip off like eggs on Teflon.
They don't really stick.
Experiences.
Your Paris can be a bubble bath.
Or your Paris could be
a major foot massage.
>>LISA: Nature.
>>CHOQUETTE: Or
nature, and flowers,
and good food without guilt.
>>LISA: Yes to that, sister.
>>CHOQUETTE: All you wanna eat.
That's what it needs.
So that place that
is beautiful for you.
>>LISA: But you still
had that satchel of anger
on your back when you got there.
>>CHOQUETTE: Anger is
my tool of a warrior.
Underneath, it was heartbreak.
Underneath it I had to face
things like, I'm not wanted,
I'm rejected, I'm not
loved, I'm not good enough.
No matter how much I accomplish
in the world, I'm a fraud.
All that lovely bag of
tricks that that was what
was under the anger.
And I thought I had negotiated
out of that by trying so hard.
And I realized I just
had to sit with it.
Those are parts of
the human brain.
>>LISA: What'd you do
when you sat with it?
>>CHOQUETTE: Oh,
drank a lot of coffee
and ate a lot of croissants.
And realized it
wouldn't kill me.
And a lot of walks.
And realized it wasn't true.
And that there was a
part of my conditioning
that was hard to shake.
So I made peace with it, but
realized all those thoughts,
don't try to talk to them
because they will never listen.
You have to learn
to ignore them.
They're lies.
Don't try to say, no, I am
good enough because I did this,
and I did that.
Because that's
where I was pissed.
Like, wait a minute.
I did all the things.
I did the forgiveness.
And I did the pilgrimage.
And I walked that
pilgrimage two times.
Enough.
So that was the pissed part.
But underneath,
it was like, what?
What's going to shut you up?
What part of my brain--
what do I need to get
that part of my brain
that tells me all
the time I'm not OK?
And I thought, you know,
I'll never shut up.
I just have to quit
paying attention to it.
It's like when you hear
the dog barking next door.
You could think for awhile,
when am I going to get that dog.
But eventually, it's just,
that's just the dog barking.
And you move on.
And that's what happened.
I moved on.
>>LISA: And then all of a sudden
you don't hear it anymore.
>>CHOQUETTE: I stopped
being afraid of it.
I stopped thinking it was
important to listen to.
I realize it's part of my
human ego animal's self.
It's not part of my soul.
I made peace with it.
>>LISA: You walked
the Camino twice.
>>CHOQUETTE: Well, see, I was
supposed to walk with Patrick.
I made the plans.
>>LISA: You did.
Yeah.
>>CHOQUETTE: He went
to divorce court.
And I went to the Camino again.
That's just me.
But I'm glad I did.
>>LISA: You really take
it full on, don't you?
>>CHOQUETTE: I definitely
don't live by theory.
I will say.
>>LISA: No.
You live by action.
So you went on that
Camino without him.
>>CHOQUETTE: I did.
>>LISA: 500 more miles.
And it was just as hot as it
was called the first time.
But I realized that there's
a huge part of my life
that's been running.
And then I realized
it's this past life too.
The gypsy soul in me.
The nomad in me.
The running, running, running
to find enlightenment in me
was still running.
And it even ran the
second Camino to Paris.
And then it ran around
Paris about 8,000 times.
And then finally
I stopped running.
And that is the big waking up.
>>LISA: What is that like?
What's it like to stop running?
>>CHOQUETTE: It's relaxing.
It has kept me--
I've changed.
I'm not possessed
by work anymore.
>>LISA: Doing.
>>CHOQUETTE: Nope.
I'm not planning.
I don't have an identity.
But it's OK.
Ram Dass once said, you
know you're growing when
you're willing to be nobody.
And I feel like I'm kind of
in nobody's zone right now.
I listen with my whole
body for guidance.
And I got tell you something.
I'm just in a
state of listening.
I haven't arrived
at some great--
I'm still in it.
>>LISA: Which is why it's so
beautiful to talk with you.
This identity piece.
You were identified
with so many things.
>>CHOQUETTE: I was
identified with my work.
I was identified as a teacher.
I was identified as a
wife, as a married person.
I don't have any
identity right now.
>>LISA: What's that like?
>>CHOQUETTE: Confusing.
And--
>>LISA: Freeing.
>>CHOQUETTE: --freeing.
And I often wonder if is
this really that where
I was trying to get to?
>>LISA: It all that?
>>CHOQUETTE: And
it's like, it's OK.
At least I can
enjoy my dinner now.
And I'm not racing
off to the next thing.
And I don't think a lot.
>>LISA: How are you
with being alone?
>>CHOQUETTE: I love it.
I don't want to
be alone forever.
I wonder if I'll ever
have another relationship.
I wonder who will show
up to that relationship.
Because who I've been
is all dissolved.
It's like the chrysalis.
I'm in the muck of--
the caterpillar
hasn't taken off yet.
But I like being alone.
I grow up in a family of seven.
I married a man who
was one of nine.
I never even had my own name.
I was named after my mom.
This is new for me.
Until I was an adult, I
referred to myself as "we."
I was one of the kids.
So this alone thing is--
it's OK.
>>LISA: It's new.
>>CHOQUETTE: It is new.
And it's surprisingly--
I like myself.
>>LISA: Yeah.
You're totally
comfortable with yourself.
>>CHOQUETTE: I like myself.
>>LISA: What do you
like about yourself?
>>CHOQUETTE: I like
my sense of living
to the edges and willingness
to have the experience
and not feel embarrassed
about the messiness of it all.
That's what I like, that I am
the naked person in the room.
And I'm OK with that.
Do I want to be
naked all the time?
No.
I'm shy.
I'm low key.
Private.
And I'm OK to be naked anyway.
>>LISA: You know,
you have boundaries.
Would you say more than
you have had before?
>>CHOQUETTE: Definitely.
I feel able to
take care of myself
with a real lack of
guilt and a real love
that I didn't have
and didn't gain
in either my Catholic experience
or my spiritual training.
Even spirituality,
until very recently,
has been very patriarchal.
>>LISA: For you.
>>CHOQUETTE: It has been.
You're still
rewarded for pulling
the rabbit out of your hat
and manifesting the goal.
You're never applauded
for hurting, or grieving,
or saying I don't know.
Never.
In fact, a lot of
people said to me,
even my spiritual compadres,
have said, wow, what happened?
I thought you were
a spiritual teacher.
You're psychic.
How did you-- you're supposed
to-- it's like, life happened.
And I'm not going
to apologize for it.
I feel like my
message as a teacher
is that you're not behind
schedule or flunking
the class if you're in pain.
It's OK.
>>LISA: It's OK.
>>CHOQUETTE: It's wholly too.
>>LISA: It's wholly.
It's more than OK.
It's wholly.
>>CHOQUETTE: It's wholesome.
It's part the whole
picture of human journey.
If you avoid pain,
you're avoiding life.
>>LISA: But the truth is you're
really never alone though.
You have an incredible
relationship with your guides,
dont you?
>>CHOQUETTE: That's true.
I am never and have never
felt alone in my life.
I definitely am aware and
have a dynamic interaction
with the spirit world.
We have guides.
And they love us.
>>LISA: Tell us about that.
>>CHOQUETTE: We have angels
who protect us, and love
us, and walk with us.
And we have joy
guides who make us
laugh when it's really tough.
And we have healers who
bring us to this book
or say go to Paris.
And we have teachers
who bring us
to new levels of
understanding and an interest
to learn to grow.
We have light beings
who are pouring energy
onto us right now.
We have the divine
mother father.
And I'm even ambivalent about
calling it mother father
because it makes us
feel like children
and doesn't let us grow up.
But we have the divine
masculine, feminine, son,
moon universe loving us and
championing us all the time.
>>LISA: So we're
really never alone.
>>CHOQUETTE: Never alone.
And they want to help.
But they can't interrupt.
You've got to ask them.
>>LISA: How do you do this?
>>CHOQUETTE: Well,
first, you recognize
that it's OK to have a need.
You recognize that we have
all these beautiful support,
this guided support.
I teach about guides
and that they're around.
And then you make
friends with them.
Your world is
populated with guides
as it is populated with
people and the good news
about the guides is
they are your friends.
They're not your frenemies.
They are your friends.
They want you to succeed
in this game of life.
>>LISA: What if things aren't
going the way you want them to,
or the finances aren't there?
>>CHOQUETTE: Plan on it.
>>LISA: Did you ever feel
like the guides weren't there?
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
I have felt that I was
pissed at the guides
because what I was
being asked to do
is grow more than I wanted to.
I was mad that they didn't
do for me something.
But they do a lot.
They gift me a lot.
The universe is generous.
And if you do your
part, the guides
will go a little bit further
and do fun things for you.
>>LISA: You have to listen to
them and let them in though.
So step one, ask.
>>CHOQUETTE: Absolutely.
Number one, you have to be open.
That's like turning
the radio on.
That's the first step.
Be open to that I have help.
Step two, expect it.
That's a big step.
I always expect to be helped.
Most people don't.
And that's my big mission.
>>LISA: It's a big one.
That's a little bit of a change.
>>CHOQUETTE: I gotta
change that one.
Expect to be helped.
Third, this is another big
one, trust what you get.
Trust when the guides
are helping you.
And if you ever think,
that's strange, god,
how'd that happen?
That was weird?
That was a guide.
Well, that was synchronicitic.
Oh, that was a fun accident.
There was a guide.
So give it up and
acknowledge that.
So I live in a different world.
Einstein said, you can
live in two dimensions,
either nothing's a miracle
or everything's a miracle.
So I choose the door that
everything's a miracle.
And if you would choose that
door and ask for your guides,
they show up.
And it's crazy in how many ways.
>>LISA: You had an ankle
issue and a foot problem,
and you looked at that as a--
>>CHOQUETTE: Absolutely.
I had a foot surgery
a few months ago
because I trashed my feet
going on two Caminos.
Anyway, I was off my
feet for six weeks.
That's when I learned
to stop running.
That was the gift.
I couldn't even stand.
That's when I learned to
stop thinking I was a burden.
>>LISA: Both feet?
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
Just one.
But I grew up in
a family of seven.
So wanting anything
was a burden.
And so I grew up
with that imprint.
And I learned it's not a burden.
It's just, this flower in
the garden needs watering.
I mean, when you need
watering, I'll water you.
But I need the watering now.
And I learned being
thrown flat on my butt
and asking for help that I
came off as a little stupid
and kind of obnoxious when
I tried to hobble and crawl
around, oh, this is drama.
Just ask for help.
Be a dramatic Carol
crawling across the floor.
Just ask for help, please.
It's easier for everybody.
So, yeah.
Even that.
And the guides will actually
help you also laugh.
>>LISA: That's healing.
>>CHOQUETTE: You could
laugh at yourself.
And that's real healing.
>>LISA: That's
incredibly healing.
Well, you seem like
you're having a good time
with a lot of things.
>>CHOQUETTE: Through all of
this, I've had a good time.
Even in my drama and suffering
I've still had a good time.
There's a part of me
that's my spirit that
is enjoying this whole epic
experience of life right now.
I'm having a good time.
>>LISA: Well, there's
this really cute video
that, by the way,
this video went viral.
>>CHOQUETTE: I made some friends
in Paris are very creative.
So one day I just said,
I want to make a video
to teach people that they have
help because none of them--
these are French people.
They're very intellectual.
They didn't think you had help.
And I said I'm
going to teach you.
But instead of talking to you,
would you help me do this?
And I got them on board.
And we one off did this video
in a matter of four hours.
They loved it because they were
doing something that they never
thought this could happen.
They were being so silly and
involved and as I am saying,
let's do this and this.
And it went viral.
We put it on, and it went viral.
We put it on Facebook,
and it went viral.
>>LISA: 2.2 million
views so far.
Take a look at this
incredible fun story
of listening to your guides.
Take a look.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
Oh, no, no, no.
We all have those days
when we need a little help.
An invisible helper.
When we're absolutely
overwhelmed.
[WHISTLING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[RECORD SCRATCH]
Some kind of an angel.
A little guide to help us.
Don't even try to do it alone.
Just ask your angels
and guides to help you.
I can teach you.
>> Right on time.
>>CHOQUETTE: I know.
Great.
So funny.
>>LISA: So funny.
I love the music.
I could watch that
over and over.
>>CHOQUETTE: It's so silly.
>>LISA: It is.
>>CHOQUETTE: But,
see, that's the guides
that helped us pull that off.
Because how do we do that?
>>LISA: In four hours.
>>CHOQUETTE: I've never
done that in my life.
They've never winged anything--
but when all of this kind
of threw it together--
honest to God, the
guides were as much
filming that and
creating that as us.
>>LISA: They were excited.
>>CHOQUETTE: They were excited.
That's so fun.
>>LISA: And it's that
easy, too, right?
Just ask.
>>CHOQUETTE: Just ask.
And pay attention to how
you are being helped.
That more you notice, the
more you're being helped.
That's really part
of the message.
>>LISA: So in this
place where you're
at where you have to really
let go of a lot of things.
>>CHOQUETTE: Everything.
>>LISA: Everything.
Your identity.
Your relation.
Everything.
When people are in
that place of having
to let go where it's painful,
how do you ask the guides?
You don't even know to ask for.
You have no idea
how to ask for it.
>>CHOQUETTE: I have
one, a great way to ask.
This is the way I was taught.
And this is what serves me.
Every day I wake up and I say,
divine spirit and all helpers.
Move me.
Move my mind.
Move my heart.
Move my belly.
Move my body in the direction
of my highest and greatest good.
And I say that out loud.
Move me.
And it moves you.
>>LISA: Even though you have a
day planned or whatever it is.
>>CHOQUETTE: And you know what.
If someone calls me in the
middle of my day and says,
let's move to Paris.
It's like, OK.
Move me.
And that is the prayer.
Move my mind so that
I'm open to things that
are different than my plans.
Move my emotions
so I let go of what
I'm suffering to be
delighted by something new.
Move my body because gosh knows
I might be stuck and attached
to what isn't good for me.
And that is my guide prayer.
>>LISA: Well, did it
help that you moved out
of your environment?
>>CHOQUETTE: Totally.
>>LISA: Even if you're with
a loved one, and the loved
one passes away, and
you're still in the house?
>>CHOQUETTE: When you're ready.
When you're ready, move.
Whatever will help
you find your peace.
I needed to move because I'm
a very deeply loyal person.
If I didn't move, I would
be still grieving the past.
I am a committed, deep person.
So unless I was given a
new template for my life,
a new place to let
new parts of me come,
I don't think I would
have done as well.
>>LISA: If you stayed.
>>CHOQUETTE: So I do tell
people when they say,
oh, I wish I could.
I say, why not?
I also am not much of an
attached to stuff person.
It's just something
I'm grateful for.
Maybe it's a Romanian
thing because I notice
this in my Romanian family.
If you say, oh, I like
that picture on the wall,
they'll take it
off and give it to.
So I think I have
a bit of that grace
because I gave away everything.
>>LISA: You did.
>>CHOQUETTE: I have
two racks of clothes,
and two furniture, two sofas,
a table, and a coffee table.
I have live stripped down
to pretty much nothing.
>>LISA: You had a house
that you lived in for years.
>>CHOQUETTE: Three story house.
A Victorian house.
And cars.
And I had all that.
And my rationale
was, well, I had it.
Didn't do that much for me.
So let's see what it
feels like to not have.
>>LISA: Been there, done that.
Does it feel good to be lighter?
>>CHOQUETTE: It does.
It does.
>>LISA: And the flats in
Paris are not that enormous.
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
I live in a very small
space with a lot of light
and very high ceilings.
And I'm going to
be moving again.
>>LISA: I love your
story of moving.
Oh my gosh, I highly
recommend this book.
It's so fun.
You hit a couple of doozies.
>>CHOQUETTE: You know, I write
this story partly to help
witness my own
journey and partly
to let anybody know no matter
how awful your life looks,
or how much you feel out of
control, or how many times you
crash and burn, the
spirit of your Holy Spirit
is who you are.
Love that.
Get through the journey.
Love it as much as you can.
And don't define yourself by
what's happening around you.
>>LISA: Do you know
where you're going?
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
>>LISA: You don't?
I have no plans.
I don't even know if
I'll stay in Paris.
I don't know.
I am listening.
I'm listening for my guidance.
I am listening for my--
I'm listening.
I truly don't know.
And it is like free fall.
>>LISA: Before, when you knew
the marriage wasn't working,
were you listening then?
>>CHOQUETTE: Oh, I
was very willful.
I was very willful.
>>LISA: Big difference.
>>CHOQUETTE: I was sort of like,
we're going to help each other.
We're each other's teachers.
We're going to get through this.
We're going to work
out our patterns.
We're going to-- but my
husband was not on board
that happy train.
And I had no right to
insist he do get on it.
I was very willful.
And using my spiritual
tools in a way
that I thought at
the time, then I
realized maybe our
journey's just done.
And maybe no one's wrong.
Maybe not me, not him.
Maybe his soul had just as
much a call to something else.
And who am I to say
no, other than my ego?
It's a big humbling.
>>LISA: That's a huge insight
that journey had a path.
>>CHOQUETTE: Exactly.
That's just as noble,
just as honorable,
just as elevated as mine.
>>LISA: The same thing
can be applied to a job.
>>CHOQUETTE: Absolutely.
We don't know.
>>LISA: Different
relationships, right?
>>CHOQUETTE: We don't know.
And our ego so wants
to say I'm right.
You're wrong.
I'm good.
You're bad.
>>LISA: I've got this
figured out because I'm me.
>>CHOQUETTE: And you didn't
do it, so you're bad.
And that took a little bit of
time for me to work through.
I'm glad I did.
I'm glad I'm not burdened
with all that judgment.
>>LISA: Well, you say
that you're naked.
You're open.
And in this beautiful authentic
place, it's incredible.
But what happens when
chaos comes up again?
Do you think you've
dealt with it?
>>CHOQUETTE: Right
now it's happening.
I live in Paris.
There are riots in Paris a block
from my front door every day.
Houses and cars are
being burnt down.
I was locked in my own
apartment for 24 hours
where tear gas
was flying around.
So it carries on.
But I'm OK.
I have learned.
And what this is about is my
OK'ness never has to do with
my external experience.
So it's still going on.
But I'm peaceful.
>>LISA: Would you
have advice for anyone
to listen to the warning
signs ahead of time?
>>CHOQUETTE: Warnings.
There are warnings.
There are guidance.
And then there are things
we just need to go through.
That's why I knew when my
husband said no, I could
have talked him into staying.
I'm persuasive.
I could have talked
him into not.
But I knew, on a soul
level, he's right.
Let go.
He's right.
We need to let go.
We need to go our
separate ways and learn
our own separate lessons.
And I can't make
him wrong for that.
That was very hard for me.
But his courage was greater
than mine in that moment.
>>LISA: What's your biggest
teaching right now for people?
>>CHOQUETTE: My biggest
teaching is don't judge yourself
or others because you're judging
from a biased point of view.
You don't have the whole story.
And you never will.
So just try to love yourself.
And you'll not love others
if you don't love yourself.
You'll just be faking it.
So one step at a time.
>>LISA: This self
care that you're into
isn't just a matter of
getting the day spa and that.
>>CHOQUETTE: No.
It's about loving you
messy, loving you angry,
loving you heartbroken,
loving you arrogant,
knowing that that's
just your human self.
But your essence that's behind
all this experience is wholly.
So just don't make
it conditional.
And do know there's a bunch
of you you won't like.
And certainly
others won't either.
>>LISA: When you get to--
>>CHOQUETTE: Still
love yourself.
>>LISA: --just don't judge
yourself in that place
though, right?
>>CHOQUETTE: Don't
judge yourself.
It only makes it worse.
>>LISA: Yeah.
You can get stuck easy.
>>CHOQUETTE: We're all that.
Now, the advantage I have
as an intuitive guide
is I know I'm not alone.
>>LISA: But we're all that way.
>>CHOQUETTE: I talk to
people all the time.
We're all the same.
We're all human beings.
The human journey is that.
There's a part of it is going
to be rotten to the core,
and judge, and mad, and you
didn't do what I wanted,
and however that plays out.
But that's a part that
dies when your body dies.
It's not who you are.
It's just what I call
your barking dog.
It's your pet.
Your companion brain.
It's trying to protect you.
And it barks a lot.
But our spirit, the light in our
eyes, it's pretty miraculous.
Even in all the moments where
people really made me mad,
I have to admire there's a
spirit behind there creating
all this.
And I love that spirit.
>>LISA: That's beautiful.
That's a really
wonderful tool to let
go of judgment and feeling
like taking it personal.
>>CHOQUETTE: For real.
To really let go of.
>>LISA: Can you just
tell us, and we're
going to end with
this, but I want
you to tell us how
does it feel to teach
people to use their intuition?
Do they really get it?
>>CHOQUETTE: When
I teach them, I
give them very
little information
and a lot of engagement.
I have learned to
create experiences
where the only place to
reach is your intuition.
You're not going
to find the answer
to whatever challenge you're
in any other department of who
you are.
>>LISA: Like, what
type of exercise?
>>CHOQUETTE: Well, I
will give him an exercise
like playing I wonder.
That's my favorite
game and easy.
Our minds are, I
know, I know, I know.
But I wonder.
The minute you say I wonder,
you go to your intuitive brain.
Just, even say the words.
>>LISA: I wonder.
I wonder.
You're right.
You do.
>>CHOQUETTE: Do you notice that?
All of a sudden you're not
talking, you're listening.
>>LISA: You're curious.
>>CHOQUETTE: Right.
So I play this
game where we have
to wonder about each other.
But your ego can't play.
You have to name your spirit.
So my spirit is bright light.
So what would yours be?
>>LISA: Shining star.
>>CHOQUETTE: OK.
See how fun that is?
>>LISA: It is fun.
>>CHOQUETTE:
Different from Lisa.
You have access to a
whole other dimension.
Then we sit in a circle, and
we wonder about each other.
I wonder if you're going
to go to Italy this year.
So your answer to
me is I wonder.
>>LISA: How did you know?
>>CHOQUETTE: Are you?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>CHOQUETTE: Oh, I love that.
Well, it's a little intuitive.
>>LISA: That's awesome.
>>CHOQUETTE: That's funny.
>>CHOQUETTE: But the
intuitive part of me,
when I go to wonder,
that's what comes in.
If I were to figure it
out, I'd never get that.
And we wonder about each
other with nobody getting
to say you're right or wrong.
You just get to say, I wonder.
So you learn to be in
this space that's playful.
And you're available to insight
dropping in instead of thinking
about it.
>>LISA: That's a
great piece too--
>>CHOQUETTE: So there you go.
>>LISA: --because I haven't
made the trip to Italy
yet because it's such a
burden to get on the airline
and use the mileage.
But if I just wondered
how can I make this fun.
>>CHOQUETTE: I wonder.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>LISA: That opens up so
many more possibilities.
>>CHOQUETTE: Don't
you feel like all
of a sudden you've gone from
black and white to color?
>>LISA: The world's your stage.
>>CHOQUETTE: Yes.
So I play a lot of
games like that.
People are so happy.
Look how happy you are.
You shift to your spirit,
so then you're happy.
You're in an energy
of availability.
And all of a sudden
you can be informed.
You can be guided when you go
through the door of my heart.
>>LISA: And if things
happen, then you say, hmm,
that's curious.
Let's maybe try this.
>>CHOQUETTE: Try this.
And your whole brain
set changes like that.
So that's what I teach.
I don't talk.
You play.
>>LISA: OK.
I love it.
What is your biggest reason for
being the teacher who you are?
>>CHOQUETTE: I thought
about that question.
And I think the answer
is it's creative.
It's like intuitive improv.
I never know where
we're going to end up.
I have no agenda.
I've never gone with notes.
I don't know what
I'm going to teach.
I just show up and do it in the
moment and see what happens.
>>LISA: With
thousands of people.
>>CHOQUETTE: Thousands of
people around the world.
Now, I did last year in China.
I was like, I wonder
if it'll work in China.
And it worked in China.
Because human nature,
the human spirit--
>>LISA: Is the same.
>>CHOQUETTE: --is the same.
And I trust that.
>>LISA: It's the
same wherever you go.
>>CHOQUETTE: I trust it.
I trust it wholeheartedly.
>>LISA: That is so cool.
You teach people to play.
>>CHOQUETTE: Yeah.
I do.
>>LISA: That's fun.
>>CHOQUETTE: And it is fun.
So I'm never bored at work.
>>LISA: I can imagine.
>>CHOQUETTE: And it's
a good distraction
when I'm suffering, to play.
>>LISA: We've
learned so much here.
We've learned that
life is messy.
It's going to be that way.
You can reinvent yourself.
But the best way to do that is
through using your intuition
and play.
>>CHOQUETTE: And play.
And to love your pain as much
as you love your victories.
>>LISA: Beautiful.
Thank you so much, Sonia.
>>CHOQUETTE: Thank you.
>>LISA: This has been fabulous.
And thank you for listening,
and for watching this show,
and for being a part of
this "Inspirations" family.
If you'd like to watch
more inspirational program,
just go to
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr, and I always
invite you to stay aware.